What about the money for my underwear?
The money for the underwear was all emptied by you prodigal
I'm going to the Seven Cities Development Bureau
For underprivileged students from all over the world
I spent another three cities
The tax service silver from all over the world is still on the way.
The money for these panties is empty
The father is beyond the emperor
The son has his own plan
Humph
dignified emperor
Because I have no money, I can't even take medicine
You want to watch your father live without money to take medicine
Death?
And the throne of the palace
Harem concubine
The anger of the eunuch maids this month can't be sent out
You told me not to worry
Why don't you worry?
Father Emperor is a mere silver tael
The son can raise enough money in one day
To settle this matter
What are you saying?
What tiger and wolf words
30 million taels in one day
The richest man in the world dare not boast of such a vast sea
Father, you only need to bestow a pair of ink treasures
Mo Bao only needs to write the words Huang En Haodang.
If it is a sale
Selling ink treasures
Never promise
Father rest assured
In the end, this pair of ink treasures will definitely return to your hands
Okay. What does that mean?
Thank you father
30 million taels in one day
Just wait for the good news from my son